FLINTDOCK 1.3.0 - STANDALONE FOLDER EDITION

1. Right-click the downloaded ZIP in File Explorer and choose Extract All.
   Choose a new, dedicated local application folder outside your server folder.
2. Open the extracted FlintDock folder and run FlintDock.exe.
   Keep FlintDockWorker.exe and the entire _internal folder alongside it.
   Do not run inside the ZIP or copy just one EXE. Python is already included.
3. Follow the first-run wizard to select your server or create a new one using
   your own official Bedrock server download and your own EULA acceptance.
   Store worlds and server files OUTSIDE the application folder.

This edition needs no installer or administrator rights. It does not install
shortcuts or register in Windows Apps. You may create a shortcut to the extracted
FlintDock.exe using File Explorer (on Windows 11, Show more options).

To open Server Setup again, open PowerShell in the extracted application folder:
  .\FlintDock.exe --setup

UPDATING
Stop the server and its manager and close the launcher. Extract the new release
to a separate new application folder and run the new FlintDock.exe. Never
extract over an active app or a server directory. Update your shortcut if used.
The saved server selection remains in %LOCALAPPDATA%\BedrockServerLauncher;
your server, worlds, settings and backups remain in your selected server folder.
This legacy preference-folder name is intentional: FlintDock retains settings
from Bedrock Server Launcher. Its Restart Manager Link add-on identity also
stays stable. In the new theme, Ignite server is the existing Start action.
Keep a backup before any application, server or add-on upgrade. Do not run old
and new launcher copies simultaneously against the same server.

REMOVING
Stop the server and manager, close the launcher, and remove only the dedicated
extracted application folder and any shortcuts you created. There is no automatic
data cleanup. Keep the separate server folder and launcher preferences to retain
your data. This is an install-free app, not a USB-portable settings profile.

SECURITY
Keep Windows security enabled. A folder build avoids executable self-extraction
at app startup, but no packaging method guarantees acceptance by antivirus or
SmartScreen. Verify the source of your download and the publisher's SHA-256.
If security software blocks a file, report the exact filename and detection to
the publisher; do not disable antivirus or add exclusions to run it.

Full features, requirements, licensing and help:
  _internal\customer\START-HERE.txt
  _internal\customer\LICENSE.txt
  _internal\customer\THIRD-PARTY-NOTICES.txt
The INSTALL and UPGRADES / UNINSTALL sections in START-HERE describe the separate
installer edition. Use THIS guide for the standalone edition. NSIS notices are
retained for that edition; there is no NSIS installer in this standalone ZIP.

Independent software, not affiliated with Mojang or Microsoft. No Minecraft
server binary, game assets, world, player data or private settings are included.
